So with that being said as of right now and six this function is not being optimized.
And that's because we're not using.
Use strict mode.
So now what I'll do is show you how we might make a optimized tail call so will activate use strict
like so.
And then after that all we have to do is make a function and we'll call it do something and inside of
here will just return do something else.
Now obviously I haven't defined this function yet but it's meant to illustrate the concept.
As of right now this would be considered an optimized tail call.
Now with that being said if I don't use use strict mode then iOS 6 is going to treat this tail call
essentially as it would in the yes five engine so going to leave use strict commentated.
Now there's a couple of ways that you could quote unquote turn off optimization very easily.
So one example of this won't be to for example make this function again I'm going to make a couple of
copies of this.
And then after that if I did something like for example added something to it it's like one plus whatever
this returns.
So in this case I'm kind of violating this second rule of making the tail call do further work after
this function returns.
So in that case this would fail.
It would not be optimized.
Another case where this would fail is if for example instead of putting it right here I actually took
it and stored the result like LET.
Result equals this.
I could honestly do a concert right there.
But that's fine.
In that case this tail call right here is not actually in the tail position.
And so this would fail.
Another example of this is for example if I just call the function so I'll copy this function right
here.
And after that I throw this down here and I get rid of the return keyword.
In this case I'm not using the return keyword and that violates this first thing right here the result
of the tail call is returned as the function value.
And last but not least and probably the hardest one to avoid in order to get your tail calls optimize
is to avoid something like for example closure.
So I'll do this function one more time.
And then what we'll do is we'll do let equals know we'll do a and then after that we'll make a function
and this function is just going to return the number like so and then after that we're just going to
replace it right here.
Well call it do something else like so now the problem with this is I'm access.
I'm using the closure of this function right here because it has access to the scope after execution
flows over it.
So in other words we can return this value every single time and we're accessing closures so none of
these functions right here will be optimized first because we're making the function do extra work after
this function is invoked.
And after it is returning the value in this case we're not putting the actual function in the tail position.
So we're just storing it in a variable which is then placed in the tail position we're omitting the
keyword return right here in the third and last but not least we're using closure in this function.